Add `osu! UK Tournament` wiki articles (#5692)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Tournaments/OUKT/4/en.md

| **Pazo** ![][flag_GB] | **3** | 1 | ![][flag_GB] legoboomette | |
| **PortalLife** ![][flag_GB] | **3** | 1 | ![][flag_GB] sargeant_pig | |
| megalonyx ![][flag_GB] | 0 | **1** | ![][flag_GB] **chineseperson** | Forfeit |
| **FHZR** ![][flag_GB] | **3** | 0 | ![][flag_GB] \[ Darkdog \] | |

Sunday, 18 January 2015:

| Player 1 | | | Player 2 | Notes |
| --: | :-: | :-: | :-- | :-- |
| **SoraRoxas** ![][flag_GB] | **3** | 0 | ![][flag_GB] Ecliptus | |
| **Swaayy** ![][flag_GB] | **1** | 0 | ![][flag_GB] C a l l u m | Forfeit |
| **xati** ![][flag_GB] | **1** | 0 | ![][flag_GB] \[Adie\] | Forfeit |
| **Could This Be** ![][flag_GB] | **3** | 0 | ![][flag_GB] Zeffeng | |
| **litejason** ![][flag_GB] | **1** | 0 | ![][flag_GB] Jimbot | Forfeit |
| Retart ![][flag_GB] | 0 | **1** | ![][flag_GB] **Awesomefacerox** | Forfeit |
| **YunoWhoItIs** ![][flag_GB] | **1** | 0 | ![][flag_GB] destructor966 | Forfeit |
| **kenlei2009** ![][flag_GB] | **1** | 0 | ![][flag_GB] Wookiezi | Forfeit |

## Ruleset

### General Tournament Rules

- This tournament is for players ranked #50,000 to #1 only (We can be a little lenient if needed)
- UK staff are allowed to play.

> - This tournament is a single elimination 1v1 tournament. Lose once, you are out. Brackets will be determined by standard seeding 1-128 2-127 and so on. [More info.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seed_%28sports%29)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This tournament is a single elimination 1v1 tournament. Lose once, you are out. Brackets will be determined by standard seeding 1-128 2-127 and so on ([seeding explained on Wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seed_%28sports%29 "Wikipedia"))
```

## Introduction

> The **osu! UK tournament 4** (***OUKT4***) was n ![][flag_GB] United Kingdom single elimination 1v1 osu! tournament hosted by ![][flag_GB] [Mahiro Yasaka](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3481378) and Co-Hosted by ![][flag_GB] [PortalLife](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/929134). It is the 4th iteration of the **osu! UK Tournament** (***OUKT***) series.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **osu! UK tournament 4** (***OUKT4***) was a ![][flag_GB] United Kingdom single elimination 1v1 osu! tournament hosted by ![][flag_GB] [Mahiro Yasaka](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3481378) and Co-Hosted by ![][flag_GB] [PortalLife](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/929134). It is the 4th iteration of the **osu! UK Tournament** (***OUKT***) series.
```
